No one in the world is a CML measured the amount stands for hyper taxed markup language.
And what this mumbo jumbo gibberish means is that each the amount is not a programming language.
It is in fact a mark of language.
Now why HD email is so important and well worth our time learning.
You see the email is responsible for the structure of the web pages and that makes HDMI elements the
building blocks of the web pages and similar elements are represented by this syntax content between
the tags.
More precisely opening tag which consists of the name of the element we would like to use.
Surrounded by angle brackets following what will be displayed on the web page and then the closing tag
for the element for the closing tag.
We also need to add forward slash before the name of the element.
So if we want a hearing in our web page on what project we would create a hearing tag and write our
heading if we would want the paragraph we would create a paragraph tag and some text that will be in
our program.
Same would go for the link and you get an idea.
Some elements though will not have a closing tag like for example image or the line break and there
will be times when you'll see for these elements with a forward slash before a closing angle bracket
mileage the email 5 does not require that meaning both syntax is there valid with and without a forward
slash for example react which is probably most popular javascript framework around today has a stricter
policy more forward slash is required just something to remember just to give you an early taste of
the email let me open up a new browser window and let's say that we're going to be searching for ESPN
that call not once we open up the URL obviously we have our webpage however we can do the inspect look
at developer tools and obviously we're going to cover this during the course and as you notice here
even though there's a lot of moving parts because this is a complex page.
Check this out you have all over the place.
The opening tag and the closing tag meaning HCM is still responsible for the structure of this webpage
and this is why it's so important to learn.
The email.